RESUME
             I want to begin my career in a reputed organization where I can leverage my computer and data science                          
back      background, problem -solving skills, and passion for technology to contribute to innovative projects and drive business 
succe.  success. Eager to grow professionally in a dynamic and collaborative environment.  
 
Course  College/School  University/Board  PassOut 
Year  Percentage 
/CGPA  
B.Tech. 
(CSD)  Aditya Institute of  
Technology and  
Management,Tekkali    
JNTUGV ,Vizianagaram    
Pursuing  7.69 
(CGPA)  
Diploma(ECE)  
         Government  
polytechnic vijayawada  
      SBTET, AndhraPradesh  
2023  85%   
SSC  Z.P High School,  
Chapara  Board of Secondary 
Education,AndhraPradesh  2021          9.8  
  
 
 Programming  :  Python, Java, C, C++  
 Development  :  HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript   
 Database  :  MySQL, PHP   
 Operating Systems  :  Windows, Android  
  
 
            ONLINE  CAR  RENTAL  MANAGEMENT   
            Technologies used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, MySQL  
             Description:  
• Developed an Online Car Rental Management platform to simplify car booking for users and administrators.  
• Built features for users to browse various car models with respective prices, select departure and destination.     
• Enabled administrators to manage booking records,customer details, and oversee rental operations efficiently.  
• Implemented secure authentication and role -based access to ensure proper data handling and privacy.  
  
 
IBM  – FRONT END DEVELOPMENT                                                     (September 2025  –  October 2025)  
• Worked on front -end technologies to design and develop minor websites, including a furniture                   
booking   platform.  
ACADEMIC  
  
PROFILE  
  
TECHNICALSKILLS  
  
PROJECT  
  
EXPERIENCE  
  
   
INTERNSHIP EXPRIENCES  
  
https://www.linkedin.com/in/domana  
- 
pujitha  
- 
4567a7324  
https://www.linkedin.com/in/domana  
- 
pujitha  
- 
4567a7324  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
HEMANTH  
  
  
BINNALA  
  
     
        
  
Email         
: 
  
  
hemanthbin354  
@gmail.com  
  
  
    
        
  
  
Contact      
: 
  
  
+91 
- 
9347829303  
  
    
        
  
  
LinkedIn   
: 
  
  
https://www.linkedin  
.com/in/binnala  
- 
hemanth  
  
    
        
  
  
Github      
  
: 
  
  
https://github.com/  
HEMANTHBINNALA  
  
CAREER   OBJECTIVE  
  COCURRICULAR  
  
ACTIVITIES  
  • Gained practical experience in building interactive and user -friendly web interfaces.  
  
• Successfully developed a fully functional website named “Recipe Finder” , integrating jQuery,  PHP, and 
MySQL.              
• Ensured the application was efficient, reliable, and optimized for smooth user experience.  
   
 
• Completed “Edunet – Front End Web Development”  training program, gaining practical skill in building 
responsive web applications.         
• Completed “NPTEL – Python for Data Science”  online certification course, focusing on data                   
analysis, visualization, and machine learning concepts using Python.  
  
        
 
• Participated and won 2nd place in a “Web Quest” theme of “Static Online Examination  Portal”  which is 
organized by Department of CSD, AITAM, Tekkali.  
• Completed Python Fundamentals – GeekforGeeks  
  
 
                             Father’s Name               :      BINNALA LAKSHMANA RAO   
Date of Birth                 :      27 September 2005   
                            Address                           :      D/no - 6-A ,Chapara(Village),                              
                                              Meliaputti(Mandal), Srikakulam(District) , 
                                              AndhraPradesh(State) ,Pincode : 532216.  
Hobbies/Interests     :      Listening to music,  Gardening, Playing Cricket.   
Languages Known        :  
  
Language  Speak  Read  Write  
English  ✔  ✔  ✔  
Telugu  ✔  ✔  ✔  
Hindi                   ➖  
  ✔  ✔  
  
 
I here by declare that the details furnished above are true and correct.                                                                                                        
                        Date  :  11-01-2026                                                                               Binnala Hemanth   
Place : Tekkali                                                                                                 
CERTIFICATIONS  
  
PERSONAL  
  
DETAILS  
  
DECLARATION  
  

OFFER
Date: 05th February 2026
                               Sub:  Offer of Appointment as a “Agentic AI Intern – Remote”
Dear Binnala Hemanth (Intern ID : IN226033802),
This appointment is offered to Mr./Ms. Binnala Hemanth, a student of Aditya Institute of 
Technology and Management , as part of the internship program conducted by Innomatics 
Research Labs.
1.We are pleased to offer you an appointment in  Innomatics Research Labs  as  Agentic AI
Intern.  Your  association  with  us  will  be  governed  by  certain  confidential  information
(mentioned below section) which needs to be followed.
2.You are required to virtually join on  09th February, 2026  and the offer stands withdrawn
there after unless the date is extended and communicated to you in writing.
3.You are requested to login via registered email id on the Zoom link which has been sent
to  your  respective  mails.  You  should  report  at  06:00PM  IST  sharp  on  the  above-
mentioned date to complete the joining formalities. All the below mentioned documents
should be scanned and sent through Google form. (Onboarding Form Link is available in the
mail).
4.During  the  Internship,  you  will  be  assigned  with  Python  Programming,  FastAPI,  AWS,
LangChain and LangGraph  related Projects/Products/Trainings that will help improve your
understandings of the concepts learned. And you would be expected to put your best efforts
in executing the tasks assigned to you. These tasks will help you in upskilling yourself.
5.As  an  intern,  you will  not receive any  of  the  employee  benefits that  regular  company
employee receives.
6.We welcome you to Innomatics family  and look forward for a long term and mutually
beneficial association.
7.Please be advised that this is an unpaid internship program.Confidentiality
During this Internship, you may come across confidential business information. By accepting
this, you acknowledge that you must keep all this information strictly confidential, and refrain
from using it for your own purposes or from disclosing it to anyone outside the company. In
addition, you agree that, upon conclusion of your employment, you will immediately return to
the  company  all  its  property,  equipment,  and  documents,  including  electronically  stored
information. Failing which you will be subjected undergo required legal procedures. Please sign
and attach a scanned copy of this Intern offer letter via same Google form, signifying your
acceptance to the terms and conditions enunciated above.
Yours Sincerely,
Raghu Ram Aduri
(Program Manager)
Innomatics Research Labs
This is to certify that I have read this Agreement and understood all the terms and conditions
mentioned therein and I hereby accept and agree to abide by them:
Date: Name:
Place: Signature:
***This is a highly confidential document hence you are requested not disclose it to anyone elseAll the below mentioned documents must be submitted  (Kindly submit them via the Google
Form mentioned in email).
 
1) Signed Offer Letter
2) Self-Attested Government ID proofs
3) Passport sized color photographs
4) Updated resume